[Music]
principal Shepherd we came to ask if
there's anything we can do to get Chris
back in the school mr. and mrs. Griffin
I'm afraid we can't do that oh I think
you can I think you can do that and a
whole lot more
Wow I can't believe I'm on a first-name
basis with Tara Lipinski now refresh my
memory is Tara the one who had the DUI
but that's Oksana Baiul you know sounds
like something Gandalf says at the foot
of a mountain Oksana Baiul
okay we can go in now I think I've got
the lingo of today's lady down pat hey
my tie Pinterest you in a drink point oh
I'm a dog I can hear everything by the
way the stranger things monster just
farted holy crap how what's wrong with
you you love it
listen I want to throw you the wildest
bachelor party of all time it's gonna be
crazier than whatever Kanye West is
doing at this particular moment I'm
giving this lasagna a massage while
preparing to announce I'm joining Isis
thank you for your interest mr. Griffin
I'm afraid you have testicular cancer
I'm sorry there's nothing I can do oh I
think maybe there is
Peter you want to watch Netflix yeah
let's watch one of those stand-up
specials it's a bunch of them they gotta
be good no no Tom Segura
she's a given one of these to everyone
how come I don't have one you do Peter
this is the taped intro mr. Griffin
you're on you're smoking the vape in no
I'm smoking a real cigarette like
mothers are supposed to do you're such a
hypocrite
at least vaping is healthy oh don't be
an idiot maybe this just as bad and you
look like a douchebag
no I don't I look cool go ahead hold it
to your mouth
oh my god I'm a douchebag two days a
mail at once
nobody knows don't go over to don't get
greedy got a bat in the cave all right I
figure if we can just what's going on
any clips now to start the mower you
grab this pull cord like so and give it
a nice hard yank can I change my grip
Wow much better it's a more familiar
motion the siren song of the unattended
whole grapes we won't show ok these
grapes seem nice enough they said they
will choke me
you should have sliced the skin does cut
us now you have no air Meg you saved me
you're my hero
I am not letting you out of my sight
again
[Music]
here lie on the ground what of me now
no Bowl no bunch no stems what is here
where I begin again there's a foot we
now return to the Orville on Fox why do
you hate that show so much because it's
preventing me from doing my work here at
Family Guy
you